Chapter 3713 - 3713 Status of the Holy demon
3713 Status of the Holy demon
Chen Xiaobei walked out slowly.
He appeared in front of everyone in the demonized form of his Dharmakaya.
It had black skin, blood-red eyes, a crown-like horn on its head, a pair of dragon-like wings on its back, and sharp claws on its fingers.
What was even more bizarre was that red, blood-like special patterns had appeared on his black skin and wings! The red spiritual light was constantly flowing, and it was very, very cool.
&Quot Holy … Holy … Holy demon!!! &Quot
In an instant, almost everyone at the scene let out a hysterical cry of surprise.
Some of the ordinary soldiers even knelt down in front of Chen Xiaobei. Some of them even prostrated themselves on the ground, not even daring to raise their heads.
The group of demon youths, led by Yuan she Sha, were all stunned on the spot.
Their eyes and mouths were wide open, their scalps were numb, and their bodies were covered in cold sweat. It was countless times more horrifying than seeing a ghost.
“Holy demon! This was a true Holy demon! Hurry … Hurry up and kneel down!”
Jia Lou’s body and mind trembled, as if he was a devout believer who saw the Supreme G.o.d he believed in, and immediately knelt on the ground.
“Hiss …”
Seeing this, Yuan she Sha and the others didn’t dare to hesitate and hurriedly knelt down, prostrating themselves.
Yun fanqing was the only one who remained where he was, staring at Chen Xiaobei with his bloodshot eyes.
Yun fanqing knew very well that he had never seen this Holy demon before.
However, for some inexplicable reason, he felt a very familiar and intimate feeling towards this Holy demon, as if they had known each other for a long time and had an extraordinary relations.h.i.+p.
“Fan Qing! Hurry up! Quickly kneel down!”
Jia Luo quickly tugged on Yun fanqing’s sleeve and whispered, ” “Seeing the Saint Devil is like seeing the devil ancestor himself! I must prostrate myself in front of you!”
Holy demon!
Chen Xiaobei knew that ever since he had consumed the world-extinguis.h.i.+ng sacred marrow, he had the potential to become a Holy demon. In the future, he might even reach the level of mo Luo Wu Tian.
What Chen Xiaobei did not know was that jialuo and Yun fanqing had also absorbed the world-ending sacred marrow. However, they had each taken half of it.
Those demon youths had also said that Yun fanqing had the potential to become a quasi-Sage!
Holy demon! Quasi-Sage!
It was just a difference of one word. Jia Lou was kneeling on the ground while Chen Xiaobei was standing proudly with his head held high. The difference between them was like heaven and earth, cloud and mud. They could not be compared!
Of course, Chen Xiaobei did not know that Yun fanqing and jialuo had absorbed the world-ending sacred marrow.
At the same time, Chen Xiaobei did not expect that his demonized body would bring him such great convenience.
Initially, Chen Xiaobei only wanted to hide his ident.i.ty. In order to protect Yun fanqing, he had already prepared himself to fight with the enemy.
However, as soon as the Holy demon celestial body appeared, it immediately shocked everyone present.
According to jialuo, not only yuanshe Sha, even his father would have to kneel down and bow to Chen Xiaobei!
This result was completely out of Chen Xiaobei’s expectations, but it was completely within his expectations.
The demon race wors.h.i.+ps the strong!
As for Holy demons, they were the most talented and had the most promising future.
Even if Chen Xiaobei was still very weak, as long as he had the looks of a Saint demon, he would be valued by mo Luo Wu Tian! He could even receive the same treatment as mo Luo Wu Tian!
The reason was simple!
As long as the Holy demon could grow up safely and healthily, they would gain another super expert like mo Luo Wutian, which would bring more benefits to the entire demon race!
The greedy mo placed great importance on benefits.
Because of this, most people would follow the rules and give the Holy demon the highest respect and courtesy.
“Fan Qing! Don’t be stunned! &Quot the rules were set by devil ancestor Wutian. If you don’t kneel, you’ll be sentenced to death … &Quot Jia Luo was extremely fl.u.s.tered as he desperately tried to pull Yun fanqing.
However, Yun fanqing seemed to be under a petrifying spell. He was frozen on the spot, staring at Chen Xiaobei without blinking.
“She doesn’t need to kneel!”
Chen Xiaobei used the wondrous sound perception to make his voice very deep and full of pressure.
This was still to hide his ident.i.ty.
If mo Luo Wu Tian knew that Chen Xiaobei was still alive, the consequences would be unimaginable!
In fact, the reason why Chen Xiaobei used the name Chen xuanbei in the ancient Barrens was also to hide the fact that he was not dead.
If the names of Chen Xiaobei and Chen Zhufeng were to spread to the heavenly realm, it was not hard to imagine the consequences.
Don’t need to kneel?
This was a rule that the demon race had never broken for hundreds of millions of years!
Jia Luo couldn’t help but feel envious.
Yuanshe Sha and the others were even more shocked and their scalps went numb.
From the looks of it, this Holy demon had taken a fancy to Yun fanqing.
However, they had just wanted to use force against Yun fanqing. If the Lord Holy demon blamed them, how terrible would that be?
“You, accompanied me to the place!”
Chen Xiaobei looked at Yun fanqing and ordered him.
“Alright!”
Yun fanqing walked towards Chen Xiaobei without any hesitation.
“You’re not going to ask me where I’m going? What are you going to do if you don’t?” Chen Xiaobei was taken aback.
“I won’t ask! I just want to go with you!” Yun fanqing said calmly.
“Good! Let’s go!”
Chen Xiaobei took Yun fanqing with him and flew across the entire military camp to a safe area.
“That’s not right …”
Yuan she Sha raised his head and looked at Chen Xiaobei’s back. &Quot “Isn’t this Lord Holy demon’s speed too slow? He doesn’t look like he’s even at the Xuan immortal stage …”
“Big brother, didn’t you check Lord Holy demon’s cultivation level just now?” The demon race youth beside him asked in a low voice.
“I wouldn’t dare! That would be disrespectful!” Yuanshe Sha pouted and said in a bad mood.
“Not good! We might have been tricked!”
A demon youth frowned and said, ” “Where did this Holy demon come from out of nowhere? I’ve never even seen or heard of a Holy demon with such a low cultivation level!”
“Yup …”
Yuan she Sha was stunned for a moment before he suddenly realized, ” “Anyone who has the potential to become a saint demon will be highly valued by devil ancestor Wu Tian and taken in as his personal disciple! How can he be so weak?”
The demon youth slapped his thigh and said in frustration, ” “This is our first time seeing a Holy demon. We were so nervous that we forgot about these basic questions! That’s a fake! You’ve deceived us all!”
“Stop talking nonsense!”
At this time, Jia Lou stood up and said with a serious face, ” “Immediately come with me to save fan Qing! If anything happens to her, all of you will be buried with her! That includes me!”
“Buried together? Who Do You Think You Are?” Yuan she Sha said disdainfully.
“Me?”
Jia Lou’s eyes were cold as he said,”I am the secret emissary of devil ancestor Wutian! Gah! Luo!”
