Chapter 3714 - 3714 Chapter 3715-seeing through a trick
3714 Chapter 3715-seeing through a trick
&Quot what??? ”
Yuan she Sha and the others were dumbfounded. They stared at Jia Luo with complicated expressions.
Obviously, they wouldn’t believe Jia Luo’s words.
But then again, if Jia Lou lied, it would be a capital crime. She had no reason to risk her life to lie.
For a moment, although Yuan she Sha and the others didn’t dare to believe it, they were extremely anxious.
“Whoosh …”
He raised his hand, and a dark cross appeared in his palm.
This devil seal corresponded to the swastika Buddha seal of the Buddhist League. It was a number unique to mo Luo Wu Tian. Moreover, it emitted a special pressure and spirituality. As long as one was a devil, they would be able to distinguish the real from the fake at once.
“Bang Bang Bang … Bang Bang Bang …”
Without another word, Yuan she Sha and the others knelt on the ground and kowtowed with all their might, even cracking the rocks on the ground.
There was no doubt that Jia Luo’s ident.i.ty was as she said. There was no lie.
This also meant that Jia Luo and Yun fanqing’s ident.i.ties were far above all the demons here.
Even the most powerful black demonic G.o.d, the heaven demon Emperor, who was stationed to the North of the Dragon Sparrow mountain, had to kneel down and pay respects to Jia Luo. Furthermore, if Jia Luo gave an order, he had to carry it out unconditionally.
“All of you, get up!”
“I don’t have the time to deal with you now!” Jia Luo shouted angrily. Come with me to save Yun fanqing! Otherwise, you will all die!”
“Yes, sir!”
Yuan she Sha and the others felt as if they had been granted Amnesty, and they all got up to follow jialuo.
As Jia Lou was the secret emissary, they did not make a big deal out of it and did not alert more people. They just followed the direction that Chen Xiaobei had flown off in.
They thought that Chen Xiaobei was a fake Holy demon and could not fly very fast. They should be able to catch up with him easily.
But!
Among them, the strongest Esha was only a Seven Star abstruse immortal.
They would never have guessed that Chen Xiaobei’s Holy demon form was a Dharmakaya! The biggest advantage of a Dharmakaya was that it could change, and it was not an absolute physical body!
So, Chen Xiaobei hid the night G.o.d dark spirit set in his body, activated the stealth ability, and burned some spiritual Qi to expand the range of the ability, covering Yun fanqing as well.
This way, even if Chen Xiaobei was right under their noses, they would not be able to find him, let alone use their primordial spirit territory to search for him.
……
After leaving the demon camp.
Chen Xiaobei then found a quiet place to rest.
“What did you bring me here for?” Yun fanqing’s expression was cold, and his eyes were filled with doubt.
&Quot I have something to ask you … &Quot Chen Xiaobei said.
He had intended to transform back to his original form.
However, the demonic transformation just now had already caused his primordial spirit to feel extremely uncomfortable. It could even be at its limits at any moment.
Therefore, he was unable to return to his original form at the moment and could only hold on with his demonized appearance for the time being.
Chen Xiaobei would never have thought that not being able to transform would save his life.
“You’re asking me about the important mission this time, right?”
Yun fanqing did not recognize Chen Xiaobei at all, but he felt a sense of closeness to him. &Quot &Quot this mission is to open a relic of the Sorcerer tribe. There is a very important treasure in it. As long as we get that treasure, we can definitely defeat the Sorcerer tribe and rule the ancient desolate land! &Quot
“You …”
Chen Xiaobei was shocked.
Our demon race!
Chen Xiaobei could not imagine that Yun fanqing would say something like that!
In other words, the reason why Yun fanqing had become like this was because she had already become a demon!
Chen Xiaobei’s heart was filled with complicated emotions.
Ever since Chen Xiaobei swallowed the world-ending sacred marrow in the great void universe and caused mo Luo Wutian to suffer a great loss, the two of them had become enemies.
Chen Xiaobei immediately understood what was going on.
Mo Luo Wutian must have set Yun fanqing up and caused her to become a demon. Then, he used Yun fanqing to further scheme against Chen Xiaobei.
Luckily!
Chen Xiaobei was glad that he did not transform back into his true form. Otherwise, he would not have been Yun fanqing’s match in his primordial spirit state.
That d.a.m.ned mo Luo Wu Tian! He actually dared to scheme against fan Qing!
Chen Xiaobei’s heart was filled with hatred. He had always been a loyal person and would never allow anyone to hurt his family and friends.
Chen Xiaobei even wanted to kill mo Luo Wutian! One day, he would definitely kill this devil ancestor!
Of course!
Chen Xiaobei’s mental state was so strong that no matter how emotional he was, his face and eyes did not change at all. Yun fanqing could not see any flaws in his expression!
“How is it? Are you interested in going on a mission with us?” Yun fanqing asked.
“Me? I’m going too?” Chen Xiaobei hesitated, not sure how to answer.
Of course, he wanted to go, but with his primordial Spirit’s current state, there was no point in going. He might not be able to hold on halfway and fall into unknown danger.
&Quot I can see that although you have the bearing of a sacred demon, you’re not famous and your cultivation level is low. Therefore, you didn’t enter the vision of devil ancestor Wutian! &Quot
Yun fanqing said, ” however, if you complete the mission with us this time, devil ancestor Wutian will know about you. With his character of valuing talents, he will definitely take you in as his personal disciple. When that time comes, you will definitely be able to leap over the Dragon’s Gate and soar into the sky! &Quot
“I can see mo Luo … No, I should see devil ancestor Wu Tian?” Chen Xiaobei was taken aback, but he quickly began to plan.
“Do you even need to ask?”
&Quot I’ll repeat myself, ” Yun fanqing said. &Quot you can become devil ancestor Wutian’s personal disciple. Do you think you can see him? ”
&Quot it’s good to see you … &Quot Chen Xiaobei nodded.
Chen Xiaobei was protected by the mark of humanity, so he was not afraid of Moro Wutian’s divination. With the help of his magical Dharmakaya ability, Moro Wutian could not see any flaws in Chen Xiaobei’s plan.
Therefore, Chen Xiaobei was not afraid of meeting mo Luo Wutian.
On the other hand, if Chen Xiaobei could use this opportunity to get close to mo Luo Wutian, it would be a great opportunity!
With Chen Xiaobei’s brain as the number one profiteer in the Three Realms, he could definitely make mo Luo Wutian cry!
“Good! I’ll go with you!”
Chen Xiaobei nodded and gave a firm answer, but then he said helplessly, ” &Quot however, there’s something I have to make clear in advance … My physical condition is very bad. I might need you to take care of me along the way … &Quot
“No problem!” Yun fanqing agreed without hesitation.
“You …”
Chen Xiaobei was a little hesitant. After a moment of silence, he could not help but ask, ” “Why are you so good to me?”
